# ViC-for-Belle-2

Project Abstract:
Belle II in Tsukuba, Japan is an experiment where electrons and positrons are collided at relativistic speeds in a particle accelerator to study the differences between matter and antimatter. High-energy electron-positron collisions create other particles, which can be detected with a series of concentric detectors surrounding the collision point. One such detector is the calorimeter, and one such particle is the K-Long. K-Longs interact with the calorimeter’s detector material through the strong nuclear force, which the calorimeter reads as a blob of energy roughly centered on the K-Long’s position. For this project, we are taking a machine learning system originally created to find antineutrons traveling through the calorimeter of the BES III experiment in Bejing and adapting it to find the position and momentum of K-Longs in the Belle II calorimeter. This system projects the energy observed in the calorimeter’s individual crystal sensors onto a two-dimensional image, then uses an image recognition algorithm to find the most likely position and momentum of the K-Long. We compared this system to current methods of locating K-Longs and found that it gave a more accurate position estimate than current models when running on simulated data with no background, and that it could provide an estimate for the K-Long's momentum, which our current algorithms lack. ViC was further improved by altering the input images to include data from the inner layers of the K-Long and Muon Detector (KLM).

The original version of ViC can be found here: https://github.com/yuhongtian17/ViC
## Setup
TODO
